Create contribution page (#1975)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/community/contributing/contribution.md

--- 
title: "Contributing to the CHT" 
linkTitle: "Contributions"
weight: 3 
description: > 

  What is a contribution?

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

A contribution is any meaningful action: technical or non-technical—that advances the CHT’s mission of improving community health. All contributions must add measurable value, adhere to our [Code of Conduct](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/code-of-conduct/), and align with the CHT’s core goals.

> **Ways to Contribute**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ways to Contribute
```

> There are many paths to contribute to our community. Here are some of the key ways you can get involved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many paths to contribute to the CHT community. Here are some of the key ways you can get involved:
```

> - **Technical contributions** include:  

Reviewer: Can you please add links to all the items you mention below: forum, how to contribute code doc, how to contribute docs doc, etc?

Author: Added the links. 
Which page would you recommend we link to contributing to infrastructure (devops and security)?

Reviewer: The one I can think of now around security is [Disclose vulnerabilities](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/disclosing-vulnerabilities/)

  - **Code:** Submit bug fixes, develop new features, or build example apps.  
  - **Design:** Create wireframes, user & system workflows, or solution documentation.  
  - **Infrastructure:** Improve the DevOps automation & security enhancements.  
  - **Testing:** Bug reports, test coverage, or user acceptance feedback.

- **Non-technical contributions** include:  
  - **Documentation:** Write guides, create tutorials, or translate the CHT to make it accessible to more users.
  - **Community Support** Share your knowledge by answering questions in our Support Forum, provide user feedback, or advocate for the CHT.
  - **Collaboration: Participate in a Squad** to help tackle specific user needs or projects.
  - **Events: Facilitation of a community event** like a Community meetup or Round-up. 

> This is just the beginning. To find the right opportunity for you and learn the next steps, explore the dedicated pages linked within our [Community](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/) page.

Reviewer: I suggest you add that page as `relatedContent`. You can find examples on other pages.

--- 
title: "Contributing to the CHT" 
linkTitle: "About Contributions"
weight: 1
description: > 
  What is a contribution?
relatedContent: >
  community/contributing/code-of-conduct
  community/contributing/code
  community/contributing/disclosing-vulnerabilities 
  community/contributing/code/core/automated-tests
  community/squads
---

> A contribution is any meaningful action: technical or non-technical—that advances the CHT’s mission of improving community health. All contributions must add measurable value, adhere to our [Code of Conduct](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/code-of-conduct/), and align with the CHT’s core goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A contribution is any meaningful action: technical or non-technical, that advances the CHT’s mission of improving community health. All contributions must add measurable value, adhere to the [Code of Conduct](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/code-of-conduct/), and align with the CHT’s core goals.
```

### Ways to Contribute

There are many paths to contribute to the CHT community. Here are some of the key ways you can get involved:
- **Technical contributions** include:  
  - **[Code](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/code/):** Submit bug fixes, develop new features, or build example apps.  
  - **[Design](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/design/):** Create wireframes, user & system workflows, or solution documentation.  

>   - **Infrastructure:** Improve the DevOps automation & [security enhancements](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/disclosing-vulnerabilities/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Security:** [Disclose vulnerabilities](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/disclosing-vulnerabilities/).  
```

>   - **[Testing](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/code/core/automated-tests/#contributing-section):** Bug reports, test coverage, or user acceptance feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **[Testing](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/code/core/automated-tests/#contributing-section):** File bug reports, improve test coverage, or perform user acceptance testing.
```

- **Non-technical contributions** include:  
  - **[Documentation](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/contributing/docs/):** Write guides, create tutorials, or translate the CHT to make it accessible to more users.

>   - **Community Support** Share your knowledge by answering questions in our [Support Forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org/), provide user feedback, or advocate for the CHT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Community Support**: Answer questions on the [CHT Forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org/), provide user feedback, or advocate for the CHT.
```

>   - **Collaboration: Participate in a [Squad](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/squads/)** to help tackle specific user needs or projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Collaboration**: Participate in a [squad](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/squads/) to help tackle specific user needs or projects.
```

>   - **Events: Facilitate community [events](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/events/)** like Community Meetup or Dev Hour. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Events**: Facilitate community [events](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/events/) like Community Meetup or Dev Hour. 
```

>   - **Events: Facilitation of a community [event](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/events/)** like a Community meetup or Round-up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Events: Facilitate community [events](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/events/)** like Community Meetup or Dev Hour. 
```

> This is just the beginning. To find the right opportunity for you and learn the next steps, explore the dedicated pages linked within our [Community](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We already link to `related content`, so this mention seems redundant.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
